It there.
So this video I'm recording a couple of weeks after I initially published the course.
It's a topic a question a lot of students have been posting about and something I think is really important
to address.
With that said you might notice I am on a Mac.
So if you are on a PC I apologize.
I'm away from home but I think it's just important that I get this video out there so I only have a
Mac laptop so I'm recording it with that.
With that said it won't matter.
As far as the content of the video what we're really covering it just might look a little different
but everything should behave the same way.
If I open up the Python interpreter I don't talk about is the difference between typing five and then
running print 5.
I know it seems like they both do the same thing but it's actually very different.
Behind the scenes we have to talk about first is the point of the Python interpreter.
What I'm running right now.
The python interpreter is a place for quickly debugging code or testing things out trying new things.
But it is not where most of it's not where anybody really writes applications or real code the way that
it behaves.
I think I've already mentioned this before it's something called a REPL.
Our APL read evaluate print loop.
It's what that stands for.
I type some code like 42 or 43.
I hit enter it reads it in it evaluates it which there's nothing really to evaluate but maybe I could
do some math here.
Jumping ahead a bit.
It's going to evaluate the result and then print it.
So read evaluate print prints that to me so I get 44 and then loops meaning I can do something again.
And it keeps going over and over and over.
So that's very different.
Like I said than how most people write code.
You might write 50 lines in a file and execute it all at once in the Python interpreter.
You type a line and then another line and another line and they're all evaluated individually and printed
back to you.
But if we take a line just like five and I put it in a python file which I have over here where even
Let's do 43 plus one just to be consistent and I save the file if I run this as Python it is going to
be executed.
So at some point Python is going to figure out what forty three plus one is but it's never going to
show it to me it's never going to print it out.
It just disappears.
So if I run that file I have to quit out of here and then I'm going to run it.
They called it demo.
Why.
If you're on a PC remember it's probably going to be Python not Python 3.
Nothing happens or it looks like nothing happened so things printed out.
But the code is still run but by wrapping it in print I am telling it OK I want you to output this thing
to the terminal so I can see it.
And now it's printed out.
So in the Python interpreter over here I don't have to say print on anything.
If I want to see the result because I'm going to see the result no matter what if I want to see it or
not.
But if I'm running it from a script which is what we'll be doing most of the time I have sort of write
print in order to output something.
So I know it doesn't seem like a big distinction but it's actually very important.
Interpreter behaves in a special or different way than almost everything else that you'll do in Python.
So just be aware of that right print if you want to output something from a script.
If you're working in the interpreter then yeah it's not going to do much for you.
OK.
Hopefully that made it a little clearer.